c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\MDApp.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\MDApp.pdb
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\MDApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\MDApp.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\MDApp.pdb
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\Menu.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\Contenido.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\Login.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\MDApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\MDApp.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\obj\Debug\MDApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Julio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MDApp\MDApp\MDApp\bin\Debug\MDApp.dll.mdb
